you
prerequisite techniques
the MFM is a combination of a nollie
frontside 180 and the tail butter
frontside 180
we have a whole tutorial on the tail
butter 180 so make sure you've washed
and learnt that first static board off
easiest way to get your head around this
trick is to start by jumping the
movement with your border step 1 nollie
frontside 180 step 2 nollie tail butter
frontside 180 step 3 the basic MFM
movement is a combination of these two
prerequisite tricks begin by opening up
front side as if you're going to nollie
into a frontside 180 at about 90 degrees
nollie from your front foot landing and
a butter on your back foot then Ollie
from your back foot completing the
frontside 180 to land switch this is the
basic movement required for an MFM
button so practice the step several
times when you break it down with your
board off it becomes simple step four
the more advanced MFM butter use the
same movement with a shift of your board
in the middle for style this time as you
roll up for the nollie go past the 90
degree mark nollie from your front foot
and shift back slightly in the opposite
direction landing on your back foot then
Ollie from the tail completing a
counter-rotated front Wonderland switch
pay close attention to the difference
between the basic MFM movement happening
at around the 90 degree mark and a more
advanced MFM movement incorporating a
shift back while in the air